[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
DON'T GET ANGRY
Kinpika, let's play soccer.
Sure, okay.
Keisuke Saito, let's play--
You don't have to ask him.
-If it's soccer, I'm not playing.
-See?
If I were so good at it that I could be
a professional player, I would play.
But to play horribly in a game
just for fun is a complete waste of time.
I feel like an idiot for asking.
Right? Asking him
is the biggest waste of time.
Let's go.
-[Mr. R3] Hey, you two.
-[both] Yes?
Take this wax to your classroom.
-What?
-Why us?
This wax will be used
to make your classroom sparkle,
so please take it.
Thank you.
Guess we don't have a choice.
[both grunting]
-This is heavy.
-Yeah.
-H-- hey, time out. Let's set it down.
-Yes.
Hey, Keisuke Saito, come help us.
[Keisuke] The teacher did not ask me.
You should help out of compassion.
Compassion?
I don't have such a useless emotion.
If it's heavy, you should use a cart.
You are not very smart.
What a jerk.
He gets on my nerves every time.
What should we do?
-Should we get a cart?
-Yeah.
[both sigh]
[Takashi] What a pain.
"My pinky finger aches where you bit it..."
[grunts]
[yelps]
Pinky... Toe... Where it hurts the most!
Who put this stupid thing here?
[roaring]
Don’t get angry, Ms. Naoko Watanabe.
Huh?
What? Were you the one who put this here?
No, it wasn't me.
Then who was it?
There is no point
in looking for the culprit.
It's not going to take
the pain away from your toe, is it?
That's true, but...
Then calm down.
Anger is an inefficient emotion produced
by the most primitive part of the brain.
-What?
-A civilized being
can shed those primitive instincts
and control their emotions.
Stop babbling!
-See? You're angry again.
-Mm.
Because of such tendencies,
your primitive brain takes over
and you regress to your
ancestral dinosaur form!
[screaming]
[Kana] Wow,
today's morning drama got me crying.
[Erika] Oh, you watch morning dramas?
Naoko too, right?
-Hm.
-Naoko?
Are you all right?
Huh? What?
You weren't listening?
Oh, sorry. I gotta go!
A civilized being can shed those
primitive instincts
and control their emotions.
-[soft yelps]
-[echoing] Because of such tendencies,
your primitive brain takes over
and you regress to your
ancestral dinosaur form!
[screams]
-You seem troubled, Ms. Naoko Watanabe.
-[gasps]
Keisuke Saito!
I hate to admit it,
but you're right, Keisuke Saito.
No need to say you "hate to admit it".
Simply put, I am right.
How will I...
How will I be able to control my anger?
-It's easy.
-Huh?
Simply get rid of your emotions.
Like me.
Y-- You're scary.
Fear is also a useless emotion.
Not just fear and anger.
Happiness, joy, love,
loneliness, sadness, melancholy...
All emotions are nothing but a waste.
Humans only need reasoning.
But doesn't feeling different things
make us human?
As long as you have reasoning,
there is no need to feel anything.
I can't do that!
It's simple.
It's easy. Whenever you think
you might feel something, just say,
"Oh well, who cares."
"Oh well, who cares"?
Go on, try it.
[whoosh]
[yelps]
-Oh, Naoko, I'm so sorry...
-[snorts]
Yamada!
Is she gonna turn into Gauko?
[gasps]
Oh well, who cares.
-Here.
-What?
Yeah, I really don't care.
-Oh!
Mom, what's for dinner?
Your favorite, cheesy meatballs.
Yay! I can't wait!
Oh well, who cares.
[gasps]
Good morning, Naoko!
Toshio.
Oh well, who cares.
[Mr. R3] You got the worst grade
in the class.
Oh well, who cares.
[Naoko] I did what you said,
and it seems like I can control
my emotions now.
Thanks, Keisuke Saito.
The feeling of gratitude is also
an emotion.
That's also unnecessary.
[Naoko] Oh, right.
I still have a long way to go.
-Oh well, who cares.
-[Keisuke] You're getting the hang of it.
[footsteps]
[Erika] Hey, shouldn't we wait for Naoko?
Why should we?
That's so cold.
She's the cold one.
She won't even react when I talk to her.
Did something happen?
I don't know.
Just let her be.
Whoa, there,
where d'ya think you're goin'?
[both gulps]
[chuckles] Trying to ignore us?
Let's hang out.
We'll take you to a really great place.
No thanks.
Don't be shy.
-Huh?
-[gasps] Leave her alone!
Ow... Ouch!
Boss, this one got violent on us.
You grabbed her first!
Well, there, little miss,
you've got some nerve.
We've got a bone to pick with you.
-No way!
-Kana...
Naoko!
Oh, you're with them, too?
Come over here.
She's not with us.
Oh, right. None of my business.
[Erika] W-- Wait!
Naoko! Call for help!
Don't bother.
-[Kana] Cut it out. Let go!
-[Erika] Stop it! Don't touch me!
-[inaudible clamoring]
-Oh well...
[shouts] I do care!
-[Naoko] What do you think you're doing?
-[Erika, Kana] Naoko!
Huh? Hey little miss, you want to fight?
You'll pay for this...
AAAhhhh! [roaring]
[screaming]
[roaring]
-Naoko!
-Thank you!
That was so scary!
[all girls sobbing]
Huh!
Such an amateur
for letting her emotions take control.
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪